hello and welcome to the Vita weekly
update where I take the news of the week
and compress it into a bite-sized video
peccato Knights the free-to-play
side-scrolling beat'em up from the
developers of Ragnarok Odyssey will
release in Japan on September 20 the
same developers also trademarked the
term in the u.s. suggesting a u.s.
releases in the works but nothing has
been announced yet the next version of
the Vita half by loader was released
with the game being monster hunter
freedom unite and it's variations in
other regions the game was pulled down
off the PlayStation Network as expected
and the files for the game to enable
homebrew were released also as expected
the release date of the Spy Hunter
reboot was pushed back to October 9 from
its previous release date of October 2
for North America that is all
let's fish hooked on has been announced
for a US release the game recently
japanese-exclusive has a
character-driven storyline a heavy anime
style an arcade style game favorite
realistic fishing no release date Sony
Canada announced today that they plan to
bring the 3G enabled PS Vita to Canada
offered exclusively through Rogers the
two offered plants will be 250 megabytes
for 15 dollars Canadian a month or five
gigabytes for $35 Canadian a month the
bundle includes free download copies of
unit 13 and gravity rush no release day
beyond fall for the Canadians new little
King's story was finally given a release
date of October 2 in America the game
will be released in North America as a
digital download only while the
Europeans and australian / New
Zealanders will get a boxed release and
digital download on September 27
guilty gear accent core plus our was
announced for the Vita in Japan the game
is a port of the arcade version of the
game of the same name which in turn is a
rebalanced and enhanced version of
guilds a year xx accent core also an
arcade title the Vita game has no solid
release date in Japan outside of next
year LittleBigPlanet reviews have been
released across the internet and the
general opinion seems to be extremely
positive with a media critic of 88 at
the time of writing the game releases on
September 24 Europe and September 25 for
Americans I'm just gonna let you watch
footage of IGN's video review for a few
more seconds the game equilibrium came
out on PlayStation Network this week for
European users the game is a free
download which has you maintained an
ecosystem way introducing the right
plants animals and artifacts you can buy
or sell these elements in play to play
auctions or over near or GPS no details
for a US release sunflowers came out on
the Vita this week for European users as
well the game is a form of
chain-reaction puzzler where you have to
drop sunlight through clouds to water
plants no information on a US release
date for this either a new this week for
American PSN users is 21 new PlayStation
1 classics with games like Harvest Moon
back to nature and n2o nitrous-oxide
leading the way although there is a lot
of Sony's not so stellar sports library
in there and that's it for them
that's it for this week now the
LittleBigPlanet has been reviewed and
detailed are you swayed to pick it up
like subscribe and share the video
around if you liked it see you next week
[Music]
guilty gear xx accident Tulley god this
title is long